README.md, before:

# News
- 20220620 Table Editor and Data Generator is now [AnyWayData.com](https://anywaydata.com)
- 20220531 [Table Editor and Data Generator](https://eviltester.github.io/grid-table-editor/) now has Docusaurus powered site and docs
- 20210708 [New App - Markdown Table Editor](https://eviltester.github.io/grid-table-editor/) with [src](https://github.com/eviltester/grid-table-editor)
- 20201006 [Open Source Profile Material](https://github.com/eviltester/open-source-profile) Released the slides and extra materials from my Open Source Profile talk at Open Quality Conference
- 20200819 [API Automation Code](https://github.com/eviltester/automating-rest-api) Combined the text and code from my Basic and Advanced REST API Workshops, released publicly on Github.
- 20200729 [API Challenges](https://eviltester.com/apichallenges) has been released live. An online set of challenges and and API for practicing and learning about API testing.

Support my open source work via: [Patreon](https://patreon.com/eviltester), [Github Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/eviltester)

# What I do - [EvilTester.com](https://eviltester.com)

<table>
<tr><td>    

- **Sharing content** describing lessons learned from experience on my blog
    - [eviltester.com/blog](https://eviltester.com/blog)
- **Helping teams** improve their **Testing, Automating and Software Development**.
    - **Consulting** via [compendiumdev.co.uk](https://compendiumdev.co.uk)
- **Improving companies** use of **Digital Marketing**, and blogging about lessons learned.
    - [talotics.com](https://talotics.com)
- **Creating YouTube videos** to help make technical concepts easy to understand.
    - [youtube.com/user/eviltestervideos](https://youtube.com/user/eviltestervideos)
- **Online Training** on Testing, Automating, Programming, and more... **10+ courses**.
    - [eviltester.com/page/onlinetraining/courses/](https://www.eviltester.com/page/onlinetraining/courses/)
- **Author** of books on programming, testing and automating
    - [eviltester.com/page/books/](https://www.eviltester.com/page/books/)
</td>
<td>

**Contact**

- [@EvilTester](https://twitter.com/eviltester) on Twitter
- [linkedin.com/in/eviltester](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eviltester/)
- [@EvilTester](https://www.instagram.com/eviltester/) on Instagram

[Blog](https://eviltester.com/blog) at [EvilTester.com](https://eviltester.com)

[Contact Me](https://www.eviltester.com/page/contact/) or [Join my Mailing List](https://www.eviltester.com/page/emaillist/)
</td>
</tr>
</table>



## Creations

<table>
<tr><td>  

**Programmer of Useful Tools**

- [AnyWayData.com](https://anywaydata.com) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/grid-table-editor)]
    - generate, edit and convert table based data.
- [Chatterscan.com](https://chatterscan.com) a free Twitter client | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/chatterscan)]
- [Text to image generation tool](https://talotics.com/apps/textimagertool/text-imager-tool/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/textrenderer)]
- [TweetStorm Generator](https://talotics.com/apps/tweetstormer/tweetstorm-tool/) | [[src](https://github.com/talotics/tweetstormer)]

</td><td>

**Motivational Slogans To Test By**

- [The Evil Tester Sloganizer](https://www.eviltester.com/sloganizer) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/compendiumdevapps/src/main/resources/web/apps/sloganizer/version)]

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
    
**Programmer of Apps to help you practice your Testing and Automating**

- [API Challenges](https://apichallenges.herokuapp.com/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/thingifier)]
- [The Pulper](https://thepulper.herokuapp.com) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/thepulper)]
- [Rest Listicator API](http://rest-list-system.herokuapp.com/listicator/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/restlisticator)]
- [Test Pages Compendium](https://testpages.herokuapp.com/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/seleniumtestpages)]
- [Buggy Games and Web Apps](https://eviltester.github.io/TestingApp/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/compendiumdevapps/src/main/resources/web)]
- [Compendium of Testing apps](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp) includes, The Pulper, Listicator, Test Pages, Buggy Games, and more
- [Simple Todo List](https://eviltester.github.io/simpletodolist/todolists.html) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/simpletodolist)]
- [REST Mud](https://www.compendiumdev.co.uk/page.php?title=restmud) A Multi-User Text Adventure Game | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/restmud)]

[More applications](https://www.eviltester.com/page/tools/)
    
</td><td>
    
**Source Code Examples for Study**

- [WebDriver with Java FAQs](https://github.com/eviltester/webdriverjavafaqs)
- [API Automation](https://github.com/eviltester/automating-rest-api)
- [JUnit Examples](https://github.com/eviltester/junitexamples)
- [Java Automation Libraries](https://github.com/eviltester/libraryexamples)
- [Start Using Selenium WebDriver](https://github.com/eviltester/startUsingSeleniumWebDriver)
- [Start Using JUnit](https://github.com/eviltester/startUsingJavaJUnit)
- [KeyWord Driven Automating Framework Demystified](https://github.com/eviltester/keywordDrivenAutomatingDrafts)
- [Java For Testers Source Code](https://github.com/eviltester/javaForTestersCode)
    
[More projects in the repo list](https://github.com/eviltester?tab=repositories)

</td>
</tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Update README.md for webdriver course code

README.md, after:

# News
- 20230723 The [WebDriver API Course code](https://github.com/eviltester/seleniumWebDriverAPICourse) has been updated to use both Selenium 3 and Selenium 4 (with Selenium 4 tests running as a Github Action), and the [SUT TestingPages](https://testpages.herokuapp.com/) has been updated to use the modern styled pages rather than the original legacy raw HTML.
- 20220620 Table Editor and Data Generator is now [AnyWayData.com](https://anywaydata.com)
- 20220531 [Table Editor and Data Generator](https://eviltester.github.io/grid-table-editor/) now has Docusaurus powered site and docs
- 20210708 [New App - Markdown Table Editor](https://eviltester.github.io/grid-table-editor/) with [src](https://github.com/eviltester/grid-table-editor)
- 20201006 [Open Source Profile Material](https://github.com/eviltester/open-source-profile) Released the slides and extra materials from my Open Source Profile talk at Open Quality Conference
- 20200819 [API Automation Code](https://github.com/eviltester/automating-rest-api) Combined the text and code from my Basic and Advanced REST API Workshops, released publicly on Github.
- 20200729 [API Challenges](https://eviltester.com/apichallenges) has been released live. An online set of challenges and and API for practicing and learning about API testing.

Support my open source work via: [Patreon](https://patreon.com/eviltester), [Github Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/eviltester)

# What I do - [EvilTester.com](https://eviltester.com)

<table>
<tr><td>    

- **Sharing content** describing lessons learned from experience on my blog
    - [eviltester.com/blog](https://eviltester.com/blog)
- **Helping teams** improve their **Testing, Automating and Software Development**.
    - **Consulting** via [compendiumdev.co.uk](https://compendiumdev.co.uk)
- **Improving companies** use of **Digital Marketing**, and blogging about lessons learned.
    - [talotics.com](https://talotics.com)
- **Creating YouTube videos** to help make technical concepts easy to understand.
    - [youtube.com/user/eviltestervideos](https://youtube.com/user/eviltestervideos)
- **Online Training** on Testing, Automating, Programming, and more... **10+ courses**.
    - [eviltester.com/page/onlinetraining/courses/](https://www.eviltester.com/page/onlinetraining/courses/)
- **Author** of books on programming, testing and automating
    - [eviltester.com/page/books/](https://www.eviltester.com/page/books/)
</td>
<td>

**Contact**

- [@EvilTester](https://twitter.com/eviltester) on Twitter
- [linkedin.com/in/eviltester](https://www.linkedin.com/in/eviltester/)
- [@EvilTester](https://www.instagram.com/eviltester/) on Instagram

[Blog](https://eviltester.com/blog) at [EvilTester.com](https://eviltester.com)

[Contact Me](https://www.eviltester.com/page/contact/) or [Join my Mailing List](https://www.eviltester.com/page/emaillist/)
</td>
</tr>
</table>



## Creations

<table>
<tr><td>  

**Programmer of Useful Tools**

- [AnyWayData.com](https://anywaydata.com) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/grid-table-editor)]
    - generate, edit and convert table based data.
- [Chatterscan.com](https://chatterscan.com) a free Twitter client | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/chatterscan)]
- [Text to image generation tool](https://talotics.com/apps/textimagertool/text-imager-tool/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/textrenderer)]
- [TweetStorm Generator](https://talotics.com/apps/tweetstormer/tweetstorm-tool/) | [[src](https://github.com/talotics/tweetstormer)]

</td><td>

**Motivational Slogans To Test By**

- [The Evil Tester Sloganizer](https://www.eviltester.com/sloganizer) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/compendiumdevapps/src/main/resources/web/apps/sloganizer/version)]

</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>
    
**Programmer of Apps to help you practice your Testing and Automating**

- [API Challenges](https://apichallenges.herokuapp.com/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/thingifier)]
- [The Pulper](https://thepulper.herokuapp.com) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/thepulper)]
- [Rest Listicator API](http://rest-list-system.herokuapp.com/listicator/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/restlisticator)]
- [Test Pages Compendium](https://testpages.herokuapp.com/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/seleniumtestpages)]
- [Buggy Games and Web Apps](https://eviltester.github.io/TestingApp/) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp/tree/master/java/testingapps/compendiumdevapps/src/main/resources/web)]
- [Compendium of Testing apps](https://github.com/eviltester/TestingApp) includes, The Pulper, Listicator, Test Pages, Buggy Games, and more
- [Simple Todo List](https://eviltester.github.io/simpletodolist/todolists.html) | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/simpletodolist)]
- [REST Mud](https://www.compendiumdev.co.uk/page.php?title=restmud) A Multi-User Text Adventure Game | [[src](https://github.com/eviltester/restmud)]

[More applications](https://www.eviltester.com/page/tools/)
    
</td><td>
    
**Source Code Examples for Study**

- [WebDriver with Java FAQs](https://github.com/eviltester/webdriverjavafaqs)
- [API Automation](https://github.com/eviltester/automating-rest-api)
- [JUnit Examples](https://github.com/eviltester/junitexamples)
- [Java Automation Libraries](https://github.com/eviltester/libraryexamples)
- [Start Using Selenium WebDriver](https://github.com/eviltester/startUsingSeleniumWebDriver)
- [Start Using JUnit](https://github.com/eviltester/startUsingJavaJUnit)
- [KeyWord Driven Automating Framework Demystified](https://github.com/eviltester/keywordDrivenAutomatingDrafts)
- [Java For Testers Source Code](https://github.com/eviltester/javaForTestersCode)
    
[More projects in the repo list](https://github.com/eviltester?tab=repositories)

</td>
</tr>
</table>
